Hyperspace docs (#87)
ComposableFi/centauri: hyperspace/core/README.md

alongside optional metric handlers and starts the relayer loop.  

The relayer loops awaits finality events from the finality subscription of the chain handlers.  
Whenever a finality event is received, the latest ibc events are queried using `query_latest_ibc_events`.  
These events are then parsed into the appropriate outgoing IBC messages, and sent off to the counterparty chain.

The `query_ready_and_timed_out_packets` which queries a chain and  
produces all packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.
It also returns timed out packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.  

### Connection delay
 
The relayer needs to submit packets with a proof fetched at a height where the equivalent client consensus state on the  
counterparty chain has satisfied the connection delay.    
Since the relayer has no cache of the block heights at which packets events were emitted, it has to go through a more   
rigorous process to identify when the connection delay has been satisfied for some arbitrary consensus height.  

> This is solved via the following steps:

Reviewer: prefer if we use pseudo code for this

which the acknowledgement of the packet was written on chain(for the majority of chains which execute ibc callbacks synchronously, this  
would be equivalent to the height at which the packet was received on chain).  
2. The relayer uses the knowledge of the packet creation height to perform an ordered linear search on the counterparty,  
searching for the first available client consensus height at which a proof for the packet can be fetched.  
The function responsible for this is [`find_suitable_proof_height_for_client`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#L480).  
3. It then checks if the consensus height has satisfied the connection delay by fetching the timestamp and height  
at which this consensus height was registered on chain using [`query_client_update_time_and_height`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#L251), then comparing  
them to the current height and timestamp. For this, chains are required to provide an rpc interface for querying the height  
and timestamp at which a client was updated for a given consensus height.
The function responsible for checking connection delay is [`verify_delay_passed`](/hyperspace/core/src/packets/utils.rs#L127)

> ### Packet Timeouts

Reviewer: and this too

# Hyperspace Relayer

## Architecture
The relayer is designed to be:

> **1. Statelessness**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Stateless 
```

> The relayer is designed to be stateless and does not perform any form of caching. The relayer therefore relies heavily on  
> the nodes it's connected to for sourcing data, this design choice eliminates the chances of bugs that could come  
> from cache invalidation problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the relayer does not perform **any form** of data caching. The relayer therefore relies heavily on  
the nodes it's connected to for sourcing data as needed. This design choice eliminates the a class of bugs that could come from cache invalidation.
```

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- the nodes it's connected to for sourcing data as needed. This design choice eliminates the a class of bugs that could come from cache invalidation.
+ the nodes it's connected to for sourcing data as needed. This design choice eliminates a class of bugs that could come from cache invalidation.
```

> **2. Event Driven**  
> The relayer follows an event driven model, it remains idle if no finality events are received from either chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Event Driven
The relayer follows an event driven model, where it waits idly until it receives a finality notification from any of the chains it's connected to. The finality notification represents new IBC messages and events that have finalized and ready to be sent to the connected counterparty chain.
```

## Relayer Loop

The relayer has a single entry point, which is the [`relay`](/hyperspace/core/src/lib.rs#L20) function, this function takes two [`Chain`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#L346) implementations  
alongside optional metric handlers and starts the relayer loop.  

> The relayer loops awaits finality events from the finality subscription of the chain handlers.  
> Whenever a finality event is received, the latest ibc events are queried using `query_latest_ibc_events`.  
> These events are then parsed into appropriate messages using the `parse_events` function.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relayer loops awaits finality events from the finality subscription of the chain handlers.  
Whenever a finality event is received, the latest ibc events are queried using `query_latest_ibc_events`.  
These events are then parsed into appropriate messages using the `parse_events` function.  
```
```suggestion
The relayer loops awaits finality events from the finality subscription of the chain handlers.  
Whenever a finality event is received, the latest ibc events are queried using `query_latest_ibc_events`.  
These events are then parsed into the appropriate outgoing IBC messages, and sent off to the counterparty chain. 
```

> The `parse_events` function internally calls `query_ready_and_timed_out_packets` which queries a chain and  
> produces all packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.
> It also returns timed out packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Packet Timeouts

The `query_ready_and_timed_out_packets` which queries a chain and  
produces all packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.
It also returns timed out packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.  

// todo: let's talk more about how we handle timeouts
```

## Using the relayer

Using the relayer requires having a [`Chain`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#L346) implementation for the chain types  
that packets would be relayed between.

> ```rust
>     // Naive example of how to use the relayer
>     pub struct ChainA { ... }
> 
>     impl IbcProvider for ChainA { ... }
>     impl KeyProvider for ChainA { ... }
>     impl Chain for ChainA { ... }
> 
>     pub struct ChainB { ... }
> 
>     impl IbcProvider for ChainB { ... }
>     impl KeyProvider for ChainB { ... }
>     impl Chain for ChainB { ... }
> 
>     async fn main() -> Result<(), anyhow::Error>{
>         let chain_a = ChainA::default();
>         let chain_b = ChainB::default();
>         relay(chain_a, chain_b, None, None).await?;
>         Ok(())
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rust
    // Naive example of how to use the relayer
    pub struct ChainA { ... }

    impl hyperspace_primitives::IbcProvider for ChainA { ... }
    impl hyperspace_primitives::KeyProvider for ChainA { ... }
    impl hyperspace_primitives::Chain for ChainA { ... }

    pub struct ChainB { ... }

    impl hyperspace_primitives::IbcProvider for ChainB { ... }
    impl hyperspace_primitives::KeyProvider for ChainB { ... }
    impl hyperspace_primitives::Chain for ChainB { ... }

    async fn main() -> Result<(), anyhow::Error>{
        let chain_a = ChainA::default();
        let chain_b = ChainB::default();
        hyperspace_core::relay(chain_a, chain_b, None, None).await?;
        Ok(())
    }
```

The relayer loops awaits finality events from the finality subscription of the chain handlers.  
Whenever a finality event is received, the latest ibc events are queried using `query_latest_ibc_events`.  
These events are then parsed into the appropriate outgoing IBC messages, and sent off to the counterparty chain.

The `query_ready_and_timed_out_packets` which queries a chain and  
produces all packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.
It also returns timed out packet messages that have passed the connection delay check.  

### Connection delay
 

> The relayer needs to submit packets with a proof fetched at a height where the equivalent client consensus state on the  

Reviewer 2: Can we reword this long sentence? I'm not sure I understand it - perhaps it's too long?

Author: I'll use pseudo code to explain it instead.

Reviewer 2: thanks!

counterparty chain has satisfied the connection delay.    
Since the relayer has no cache of the block heights at which packets events were emitted, it has to go through a more   
rigorous process to identify when the connection delay has been satisfied for some arbitrary consensus height.  

This is solved by via the following steps:
1. The `PacketInfo` type returned by [`query_send_packets`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#L230) and [`query_recv_packets`](/hyperspace/primitives/src/lib.rs#239) must contain a height field, which for  
`SendPackets` represents the block height at which the packet was created and for `ReceivePackets`, the block height at  

> which the acknowledgement of the packet was written on chain(for the majority of chains which execute ibc callbacks synchronously, this  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which the acknowledgement of the packet was written on chain (for the majority of chains which execute IBC callbacks synchronously, this  
```
